three new caps in it as I say Steve
Coppell the number eight ba Blatchford
in tremendous form with Everton with 12
goals this season and Peter Barnes the
number 11 and a back for really that is
our defense that has played well over
the last few games they have conceded
only five in the last nine
internationals but the Italians have the
one thing that England do not have at
the moment and that is a settled side
this in fact is their side coming up
here now that played a 2-1 defeat
against West German in the world
champions and then thundered six against
the Finns in such a vital World Cup
qualifying game they really have a nice
set inside Roberto better go one of the
Aventis men
nine of that team who come either from
Juventus or Torino
perhaps live but now antonioni what
change
Ray Wilkins first appearance for England
was against the Italians in New York and
he played Super Bee that night when
England won 3-2
rocking Wilkins rocking
Neil wanting a bit of the action wide
but Brooklyn curling that in the game
towards
beautifully taken with his head out
putting the italians in defense one
across by Brooking what a sight for
England beyond Dino's of one know little
Neil
couple heading that across beautifully
and Barnes getting there before anybody
else but pasta pudding
there were three men there who might
have scored in the end none of them did
the deflection they're unsettled the
Italians the header there didn't go in
Latchford couldn't touch it
bombs I thought was going to get it in
but fail which is a good sign that
Heroes was going on here's Keegan now a
Peter Barnes bit of space now when we
take on gently' yes he has he's passed
him he's passed another he passed an
eyelet beautiful by Barnes already
hitting straight up top that was much
more like a cappella Barnes and I'm sure
he's going to feel a lot lot happier
after that
cherry
central position there
News
chicken again towards evens after it
totally clearly
it might not be the right angle
because they went for the ball now
what's gonna happen
little chip in Pakeha now what sort of
punishments are gonna get this time from
sorry
he's worried it's got him worried
Oh pink and responding now now he
shouldn't do that Paquette he getting in
their yellow car
the first place people shouldn't have
done it but certainly if Todd le got off
scot-free for what he did and look at
her Lily's smiling at Egon it's a free
kick for England cooking with it
that's for their oh and Watson almost
got in
the linesman had his flag up on this
side of the field they what some would
have been offside but Latchford should
have scored I don't think he realized
how much time he had there and in fact
if he had had taken his time he would
have planted that in the back of the net
and I've seen Bob do that so many times
before that I couldn't understand him
missing that one that was the best
chance of the game and that's what he's
in the side for his ability in the air
as much as anything think it might well
be Bob Laxman who's coming off number
nine looking
well what a game he's having done
everything right at the back and very
nearly got the second goal that mattered
caught that well on the volley ends off
superb push away now Kapil again
Keegan's gone wide on the right-hand
side and Wilkins has gone wide for him
as well a little fix through that now
to another look at this ball now from
pagan that's the one that made it and
all it required after that was Brookings
cornice and he had plenty of that to put
it under saw here's Koppel in the last
minute of the game now our plus injury
time Francis his speech over Francis
since he came on Neal playing it back
for Watson so little time left and in
fact the final whistle is gone he hasn't
played
by two girls till compete in the scorer
of the first goal in the first half
Trevor Brooking added in a second in the
second half
meaning that Italy need to beat
Luxembourg by a solitary goal in Rome to
qualify for the World Cup with a good
performance by England tonight